Improve backup documentation (#6773)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/backup/08-02-restore-backup.md

## Prerequisites

To use the restore functionality, download and install the [Velero CLI](https://github.com/heptio/velero/releases/tag/v1.2.0) based on the `appVersion` in [Chart.yaml](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/tree/master/resources/backup/Chart.yaml).

## Steps

Follow these steps to restore resources:

1. Install the Velero server. Use the same bucket as for backups:

    <div tabs name="override-configuration">
      <details>
      <summary label="google-cloud-platform">
      Google Cloud Platform
      </summary>

      ```bash
      velero install \
          --provider gcp \
          --bucket {BUCKET} \
          --secret-file {CREDENTIALS_FILE} \
          --plugins velero/velero-plugin-for-gcp:v1.0.0,eu.gcr.io/kyma-project/backup-plugins:c08e6274 \
          --restore-only \
          --wait
      ```

>       >**NOTE:** For details on configuring and installing Velero on GCP, see [this](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/velero-plugin-for-gcp) repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      >**NOTE:** For details on configuring and installing Velero on GCP, see [this](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/velero-plugin-for-gcp) repository.
```
We use the full term names (https://kyma-project.io/community/guidelines/content/#style-and-terminology-style-and-terminology-terminology) --> so `repository` instead of `repo`.

      </details>
      <details>
      <summary label="azure">
      Azure
      </summary>

      ```bash
      velero install \
          --provider azure \
          --bucket {BUCKET} \
          --secret-file {CREDENTIALS_FILE} \
          --plugins velero/velero-plugin-for-microsoft-azure:v1.0.0,eu.gcr.io/kyma-project/backup-plugins:c08e6274 \
          --backup-location-config resourceGroup={AZURE_RESOURCE_GROUP},storageAccount={AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT} \
          --snapshot-location-config apiTimeout={API_TIMEOUT},resourceGroup={AZURE_RESOURCE_GROUP} \
          --restore-only \
          --wait
      ```

>       >**NOTE:** For details on configuring and installing Velero in Azure, see [this](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/velero-plugin-for-microsoft-azure) repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      >**NOTE:** For details on configuring and installing Velero in Azure, see [this](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/velero-plugin-for-microsoft-azure) repository.
```

>       >**WARNING:** If you're using AKS, AZURE_RESOURCE_GROUP must be set to the name of the auto-generated resource group that is created when you provision your cluster in Azure, since this is the resource group that contains your cluster's virtual machines/disks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      >**CAUTION:** If you are using AKS, set the **AZURE_RESOURCE_GROUP** to the name of the auto-generated resource group created when you provision your cluster on Azure since this resource group contains your cluster's virtual machines/disks.
```
1. When possible, it's always better to use the active voice. Also, use **bold** for parameters/variables. (https://kyma-project.io/community/guidelines/content/#formatting-formatting-code-formatting).
2. We usually don't (:P) use contractions. 
2. We use NOTE, CAUTION, and TIP  for different types of panels :) --> https://kyma-project.io/community/guidelines/content/#formatting-formatting-content-formatting
